[THEME MUSIC]
>>REGINA MEREDITH: As has
historically been the case,
many of the world's best minds
have been obscured due to death
by character assassination.
Austrian psychoanalyst and
inventor, Wilhelm Reich,
offered a new look
at the energy that
permeates all living systems.
One that only the most
adept yogis and mystics
have glimpsed.
And he did it in a
scientific arena.
This gave him a unique
glimpse into human sexuality,
health, and the cosmos
that ultimately cost him
his freedom and his life.
No one alive knows
more about his work,
his research and experiments,
and investigations
than Doctor James DeMeo.
He has repeatedly
conducted experiments
of huge significance
that have refuted
all of the brutal charges
leveled against Reich.
Welcome.
It's good to see
you again, James.
>>JAMES DEMEO:
Thank you, Regina.
It's good to be here.
>>REGINA: And what
I thought we'd
do before we even get
into the story is,
you've done some
wonderful videos.
And we'll take a look at
just an intro to one of them
to give everybody a
quick look at who he was.
OK.
>>In the 1940s, an Austrian
immigrant to America
and refugee from Nazi
Germany, Doctor Wilhelm Reich,
made the scientific discovery
of a previously unknown energy
existing in the
atmosphere, in space,
and within living organisms.
Discovered accidentally,
Doctor Reich eventually
demonstrated this
blue, glowing energy
to charge up and radiate
from microorganisms, plants,
animals, and humans.
This energy also
existed in a free form
within the open atmosphere,
and in high vacuum.
He called this
energy the orgone.
>>REGINA: Orgone energy.
And this has come to be
used both appropriately and
bastardized every which way
over the last several decades.
And I know that
you're absolutely
fatigued with the charges
that have come about.
Not only for his
work, but even yours,
because you have been
a proponent of the work
that he did.
The truest, purest
scientific work that he did.
>>DEMEO: Yes.
Well--
>>REGINA: Not an
easy path you chose.
>>DEMEO: Uh no, but a
very interesting one.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
Well let's start
from the beginning.
I'd like to give people a little
more idea of what happened, how
he ended up in
this situation, why
he was such a controversial
character in the end,
and about his
background with Freud.
Let's start there
and come forward.
>>DEMEO: OK.
Well, he was one of the prime
movers in early psychoanalysis.
He joined Freud in the late
'20s-- mid '20s to late '20s.
And he was an active participant
in the psychoanalytic society
in Vienna, and later in Berlin.
He was handling their
teaching seminars.
He taught the younger
generation of psychoanalysts.
And eventually, he
came to challenge
some of the
psychoanalytic precepts,
such as the death instinct
and the ideas of sublimation,
and the biological nature
of the Oedipal conflict.
A few things like
this that they started
to look at him with
a little suspicion.
>>REGINA: Because he wasn't
buying the strict Freudian
line.
>>DEMEO: He didn't stay
strict along those lines.
And as he pointed out
in his own writings,
he says that, well, that
a lot of people's misery
that led them into neurosis and
psychosis and mental illness
was a product of their
social circumstance.
So he began to not only look at
what was going on in the home
environment, and in the work
environment, and in society
larger, but he actually
began to think,
you know, maybe-- he
pointed out this one example
of a woman who had six kids
and the husband had left.
And she's there
living in poverty
and has barely enough money,
and she's doing three jobs.
And he says, this
woman is suffering
not because of some neurosis
that needs psychotherapy.
What she needs is economic help.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>DEMEO: And so he went out into
the public trying to do things
like making contraception
legal, helping
to upraise the status of
women, and a variety of things
to prevent people from
going a little crazy because
of their social and
familial circumstances.
He wanted to eliminate
arranged marriages.
Have marriages based
on love instead
of some compulsive proclamation
from the church authorities
in those days.
Which the church and
the state was very much
combined together, certainly
under the Kaiser's Germany.
And then it was broken,
more or less, during Wiemar.
But you still had a lot
of powerful influences
from the older system that
carried over into the new.
>>REGINA: And he also fought for
gay rights, even in that day.
That they should not
be jailed, as was the--
>>DEMEO: Decriminalize
of homosexuality
was one of his
advocated platforms.
And yeah, he worked with the
Marxist political parties
in those days.
And this was a time when
Hitlerism was on the rise.
So he found himself being
attacked in the Nazi press.
And then the Communists
attacked him, also.
Because they said, all your talk
about sexual reform legislation
and so on, is distracting
people from the class struggle.
And so they got upset with him.
And eventually, he
wound up on a death list
for both the Nazis
and the Communists.
Were both tracking him down.
>>REGINA: So it's
fair to say, he
wasn't trying to play a
political game by any means.
>>DEMEO: No.
He was sticking to what the
facts of his clinical research
demanded in trying to
better people's lives.
He was also against pornography.
This is another thing
that people often mistake.
>>REGINA: Let's back into
this, because if you go online
and you start
researching him, you're
going to see one article
after another particularly
on his beliefs about sexuality,
his theories on sexuality.
And even associated with
what became his invention,
the orgone accumulator.
And now this gets
really muddled up
and you read 1,000
different viewpoints.
What was his belief?
Why was he witch-hunted for it?
>>DEMEO: What Reich found
was that human sexuality gave
the greatest pleasure to
people and the greatest
psychic benefits in terms
of clearing their minds,
when there was love.
Love was the key ingredient.
It wasn't just promiscuous
sexual relations with anybody.
And this is a big mistake
that a lot of people say,
that Reich was the advocate
of free love and so on.
This is not true.
He believed that if
people loved each other
and they got married, that
they would stay together
on the basis of the mutual
pleasure that they got,
and the love that existed.
So he was against
compulsive marriages.
He felt that premarital
sexuality was healthy.
Now this got him in trouble
with the church authorities.
But on the other
hand, he pointed out
how the Don Juan character--
the guy who goes around and has
10 girlfriends and brags about
how many times he can do it
in one night-- that
this individual is also
sexually disturbed, because
he can't give himself
to any one woman.
>>REGINA: It's more
coming from a neuroses,
or something to prove that--
>>DEMEO: It's
compulsive promiscuity.
And it was unhealth,
according to Reich.
So Reich identified a series of
sexual neuroses, part of which
were based upon abstinence
and fear and anxiety
about sexuality.
But that this also was
expressed in the compulsion
towards promiscuity and a
lot of pornographic imagery.
>>REGINA: So again,
there wasn't really
a political agenda in this, even
though he was then credited,
or accused, of being sort of
the godfather of, as you say,
free love.
The explosion of free love.
The reality is it sounds like
he was trying to put forth
what sounds to me to be a very
nature-based, balanced message
about using the energy to its
highest potential between two
consenting people
who love one another.
Now, that doesn't
sound too crazy to me.
>>DEMEO: Well he
spoke about surrender.
Giving oneself in love.
This was a key ingredient.
And what he found
in his therapy--
and this is very
controversial even today--
is he found that people
who were able to achieve,
in their therapy, a
loosening of the muscles
and a relaxation of
their body system,
such that when they had sexual
relations they had a very
strong orgastic discharge,
that these people experience
afterwards-- not only did
it make them feel better,
but it cleared the mind, they
could breathe more deeply,
and they felt better.
And he came to the point of
concluding that people who
experienced a good, healthy
orgasm, that he couldn't find
any of his neurotic or psychotic
patients who had this capacity.
They were all suffering from one
or another sexual disturbance.
>>REGINA: Some kind of
repression or neuroses
or something.
>>DEMEO: Of one or another kind.
Yes.
>>REGINA: And he also related
this, again, back to this work,
as a bio-electric
force within the being.
>>DEMEO: That's right.
He wrote a book called "The
Function of the Orgasm,"
which of course gets a
lot of people anxious
just from the title.
But it still is a
light year ahead
of most of what's written
today on human sexual research
and relations.
And in this book,
he also discusses
his bio-electrical experiments.
Now, this came
later in his work.
He had to flee from Germany
after Hitler was elected,
because the Germans were
burning people's books.
His books were in these big
bonfires along with Einstein
and Freud and everybody
else of merit.
And so he fled to Scandinavia.
And eventually, he was
invited by the Oslo, Norway
group of psychoanalysts,
one of whom
was Harald Schjelderup, who
was a professor of psychology
at the University of Oslo.
And so he was invited there
to lecture, as well as
to use their facilities
to do the very
first bio-electrical studies
on human emotional and sexual
response.
And he did a study on pleasure
versus anxiety reactions.
And finding that when
people experience pleasure,
there was an increase
in bio-electrical charge
at the skin surface.
Kind of the warm,
electric feeling
that one feels in healthy,
relaxed sexual excitement,
but which one also
feels in a lot
of other contexts of pleasure.
>>REGINA: Maybe laughter
and any number of things.
Yeah.
>>DEMEO: Laughter,
relaxing, exciting work,
or play, or whatever.
It's not just sexuality, but
it's a part of sexuality.
And contrary-wise, when people
experience anxiety reactions,
the skin surface experience a
loss of bio-electrical charge
at the surface.
And then you get the cold,
sweaty, clammy feeling,
the goose flesh.
And now Reich showed
that this was something
that you could measure.
And he was the first
one to do this.
And it's something that
modern-day psychology
is like this about.
You know, don't touch
it, don't look at it.
They're afraid of it.
>>REGINA: Why?
I don't understand.
>>DEMEO: Let me just give
you one interesting example.
You go to the medical
textbooks and on the shelf,
you'll find enormous books on
the sympathetic nervous system
about anxiety fight or flight.
Now the sympathetic
nervous system
is that which governs
anxiety, and fear,
and running, and fighting.
But the parasympathetic
nervous system,
which is just as complex an
innervation in your body,
you'll find a tiny little
book that talks about it.
And that's the pleasure system.
>>REGINA: That's the part that
relaxes everything and allows
everything to function.
>>DEMEO: That's the
part that relaxes you
and where you have pleasure.
So this is a mirror of the
thinking of modern medicine.
That we study anxiety,
we study unpleasure.
But pleasure,
relaxation, this only
gets a tiny little
bit of attention.
>>REGINA: And not only
that, if you look at the way
our society is
constructed now, it's
nothing but driving people
towards sympathetic overload.
Very little to encourage
the body's systems
to relax and let
down, which allows
for digestion,
elimination, everything.
>>DEMEO: It relates to
human somatic functioning,
and this is key.
This is key because
Reich followed that track
about human biological
functioning.
And at this time, of course,
he's fleeing to America.
He's under attack by the
Nazis, the Communist press
is attacking him.
>>REGINA: Got to be doing
something right if they all
hate him.
>>DEMEO: The psychoanalysts
threw him out
of their organization.
Of course, this is at the same
time when Freud is quietly
asking all the Jewish
members of psychoanalysis
to quit the International
Association,
so that they can get along
better with the Nazis.
This is something that's
buried in the history
of psychoanalysis.
>>REGINA: Really?
>>DEMEO: Oh, Yeah.
>>REGINA: So explain that--
just another sentence on that.
>>DEMEO: Well, Freud
fled to Switzerland,
because he was of a
Jewish background.
And he handed over the reins of
control to some German analyst
and said, we have to get
rid of the Jewish analysts
so that you guys can survive
and keep the association going.
Well they weren't successful.
And it wasn't that Freud was
anti-Semitic or anything,
but it just shows the
appeasement mentality.
Reich was giving speeches
calling the Nazis
sexual psychopaths in public.
And this was bringing a lot
of heat down on his head.
And of course,
the psychoanalysts
didn't want that.
They said, you're
rocking the boat.
>>REGINA: So he
ended up in the US.
>>DEMEO: He ended up in the US.
Arrived in America in 1939.
And he's doing
research with-- he
had gone beyond the
bio-electrical experiments
and had now started to
study this whole business
of expansion and contraction.
And it's a long series of
steps I'll have to summarize,
but basically the
idea is you have
a unitary biological
energy that's
moving out into the
world in pleasure,
or that contracts back away
from the world in anxiety.
And this energy he
discovered, bio-electrically,
he felt that the tiny little
bio-electrical currents of only
a few millivolts or
hundreds of millivolts
wasn't sufficient to explain
the power of human energy
and emotion.
That there was something
much more powerful
going on inside the organism.
So this led him into some
microbiological experiments,
where there was a discovery
of a blue radiant energy that
existed in microbiological
preparations,
as well as could be
seen in darkened rooms.
Where you have a totally
pitch black dark room,
it isn't really pitch black.
You can take a camera,
an ordinary film camera,
and some digital cameras
into a total black room.
And if you do a time
image, it comes off
with this bluish coloration.
And Reich was able to
document this blue coloration
from the microbes, from
the darkened rooms.
He thought, this is irradiation
and I've got to study this.
So he built what he
thought was a Faraday cage.
He built a Faraday cage
with special arrangements
to trap this energy.
And he found that it trapped
it, yes, but it amplified it.
And this was the original
discovery of the orgone energy
accumulator.
>>REGINA: But that
was a byproduct.
Discovering that it accumulated
it and amplified it,
that wasn't what he
was intending to do.
He was just intending
to observe it, right?
>>DEMEO: That's right.
It was an accidental finding
based upon a certain logic,
but it was
serendipity, intuition
that led him in this direction.
And then he began
studying the accumulator.
And he found things
like for example, you
put your hand inside this
metal-- well first of all,
the accumulator is
a metal box composed
of ferromagnetic material,
like a Faraday cage.
And on the outside, he
put insulating material
to give it thermal insulation.
>>REGINA: Steel wool?
>>DEMEO: Well not
steel wool, but just--
the original one was
just one layer of metal
with one layer of
insulating material,
like cotton, or
Celotex material,
some kind of fibrous material.
And he found that this would
amplify this phenomenon.
And you could put your
hand in there, for example,
and you could feel a radiant
warmth, a tingling effect.
Now some people might dismiss
that as standard infrared,
but what eventually was
shown with experiments
with the orgone
accumulator is that they
prolonged the life
of cancer mice.
You could put seeds in
there and the seedlings
would increase in
their growth rate.
>>REGINA: And we're going to
get to that in a little bit
and we'll show some
of the examples
side-by-side in
photographs, as well.
So he had discovered that he
could condense this life force,
as it were.
And so my question
is, and I alluded
to that in the
open a little bit,
that this is what
had historically
in spiritual circles
been called what?
Prana?
>>DEMEO: Prana, chi.
>>REGINA: Chi.
>>DEMEO: There are
hundreds of different terms
for life energy.
The American Indians
used the term-- well,
it's been bastardized
by European language,
but the great spirit
Wakan Tanka was originally
a meaning of the force
that moves all things.
So it was really
more of an energy,
like the ether of physics.
>>REGINA: So this is huge.
I mean, some people
have said this
was one of the greatest
inventions of the century.
That you can take
this life force
and actually accumulate
it in this box,
and then have the advantage
of utilizing that energy.
Now where did this go
in the world of science?
I mean, was he considered
crazy, or were there
those who actually
started getting it?
This is pretty
esoteric research.
>>DEMEO: Depends
who you talk to.
Of course the psychoanalysts
were outraged and shocked
at every bit of it and
they threw him out.
But he was invited
to the United States.
He was invited by Harald
Schjelderup in Norway.
And that's where he made some
of the initial intuitions
and findings.
And they appreciated
him very much.
He came to the United
States on the invitation
from Dr. Theodore
Wolfe who was a pioneer
in psychosomatic medicine.
And immediately upon coming
to the United States,
he had a whole
group of physicians
that gathered around him.
And he was teaching
them not only
his psychotherapeutic
methods, but
about the orgone accumulator.
And as I said, they
were treating patients
with the accumulator.
And certain kinds of low
level anxiety reactions
or depressions and
things like this
could be overcome with the
accumulator and not much more.
>>REGINA: So it was
affecting the emotional part
of the being.
>>DEMEO: The emotions
and the somatic.
>>REGINA: Which has to be
an aspect of this field
around our bodies, which
is called the aura,
loosely speaking.
>>DEMEO: Well Reich
is oftentimes,
and I think
correctly, identified
as being the person who unified
the psych and soma, or mind
body relation.
In the sense that you have
this unitary biological energy
that governs not only
the psychic phenomenon
of your thinking and
your cognitive functions
and your perception, but it also
governs the physical organism.
The way you expand out and
work and do and accomplish,
versus the things that
hold you back from this.
That oh, well I'm afraid and I
got punished badly as a child,
and that inhibit me from going
for what I really want in life.
So Reich's therapy was
to try and get people
to go for what they
really wanted in life.
>>REGINA: I mean
it's really quite
beautiful the way
this is balanced out.
Because he understood
the, as you say,
psycho and soma--
how do you say that?
>>DEMEO: Psych and soma.
>>REGINA: Psych
and soma connection
to the point where he understood
how to not just amplify it,
but how to prove physically
that this connection existed
in people.
And he was right on.
If your body is collapsed
down on itself because
of any kind of repression,
sexual or otherwise,
any kind of emotional
disturbance,
you're going to be creating
much less of this thing.
I assume there's much
less present around you.
>>DEMEO: Well, you won't
be breathing it in so much.
This is another
thing that people
who have emotional
blockages, let's
say somebody with a lot of rage
or a lot of grief and sadness,
it gets locked into the muscles.
The rage versus the sadness.
And you can see this in
people's body language
if you know what to look for.
This gets locked
into the muscles,
and it threatens to come out.
It threatens to overwhelm
the psych, unless they
hold their breath and
reduce their breathing.
So you wind up with
people walking around--
>>REGINA: Who don't breathe.
>>DEMEO: They don't
breathe deeply.
They hold it back.
>>REGINA: So this
would be, if you're
looking at someone
in a room and you've
spent a little time doing
this, that thin blue haze
you see around their
head and their shoulders.
That is what we're looking at.
>>DEMEO: We're looking at
the orgone energy field.
It isn't that Reich
discovered this energy.
I mean, it's been
known intuitively
and people have seen it.
But he's the first
one that made it
accessible from a natural
scientific viewpoint,
and made it available by things
like the accumulator to where
we can work with it.
>>REGINA: And had
anyone done anything
to this sort prior to this?
>>DEMEO: Well you had
people with inklings
in this direction-- Von
Reichenbach in Germany.
The names escape me.
But there's a list of people
who have worked with things that
are similar to this,
but Reich was really
the one who made the
big breakthroughs.
>>REGINA: Before we go into
some of the other inventions
that he had and how
they were utilized,
what would you say the
historical significance
of just creating this
orgone accumulator was?
>>DEMEO: Well,
historical significance
is in terms of medicine and
treatment of somatic diseases.
Theodore Wolfe said
the orgone accumulator
is the most important discovery
in the history of medicine,
bar none.
>>REGINA: Makes sense.
Life force.
>>DEMEO: And other people
have said very similar things.
There's a Dr.
Kavouras in Germany
who treats-- He's
one of the few who
has a clinic where he
treats people with this.
And he finds, as many
American physicians have,
that the treatment of
severe burns, in particular,
with the accumulator is
nothing less than miraculous.
He says the failure
to treat severe burns
with the orgone
accumulator constitutes
medical malpractice.
It is so good in this.
And yet, in this
country, the FDA-- bam!
They smashed it apart.
I mean, we're getting ahead.
>>REGINA: We know that
from him and other guests.
This has been a pattern
for many decades now.
What about cancer?
He was working with some
clients with cancer?
>>DEMEO: He did experimental
cancer therapy with people.
>>REGINA: What kind of
results was he seeing?
>>DEMEO: Mixed results.
Because what he found
is that the accumulator
disintegrated tumors.
Now, if you had a tumor that's
on the exterior of the body,
it's not such a problem, because
the detritus, the breakdown
products, then discharge
outside yourself.
But if you have a
deep organ tumor
and it begins to
break down, the body
can be flooded with
detritus, And then you
get a clogging of the liver
and the kidneys and the lungs,
and people can die from the
secondary complications.
>>REGINA: Let me
ask you a question.
What if that were utilized with
a lot of what's known today
that detoxes the body
at the same time?
>>DEMEO: Exactly.
And some of the physicians
that work with this,
they advocated going
on the Gerson coffee
enemas and dietary changes.
You can't have a diet of
potato chips and M and Ms
and expect to sit in the--
drinking alcohol to no end
and expect to sit in
an orgone accumulator
and come out dancing.
>>REGINA: Well, absolutely.
I mean, I've interviewed
Charlotte Gerson
and the results they get down
there, also, they're not mixed.
I mean, they're beyond mixed.
They're getting very
positive results
just by simply cleaning the
body out and giving it a chance
to let that life force
work inside itself
with its own intelligence.
It seems like that's a
marriage made in heaven.
>>DEMEO: It is, in my opinion.
But you know, Reich
was just at the point
of showing what the
accumulator could
do when all these attacks
descended upon him here
in the United States.
So he started getting
attacked just at the time
when his work was showing really
great, productive results.
>>REGINA: Which area of
his work and research
were they coming after him?
>>DEMEO: Well,
the FDA originally
came after Reich on the
basis of a sex racket.
>>REGINA: Sex racket?
>>DEMEO: So-called sex racket.
There were articles published
in the American press accusing
Reich of using the
accumulator for some kind
of sexual purposes.
That he was-- It was
totally conjured up.
>>REGINA: I've read about that.
I've read the articles.
>>DEMEO: Totally lies,
totally distorted.
But you know, they
wouldn't publish rebuttals.
And people's sexual anxieties
and the general public
get engaged, and so one
repeats after the other.
And there was what Reich
called an emotional chain
reaction, where just as happened
in Europe with the Communist
and the Nazi press, you had
the press in the United States
began repeating, parroting
one after the other.
And Reich used to
say-- and I think
he got this from Winston
Churchill-- he says,
the big lie spreads
halfway around the world
before the truth can
hardly get its trousers on.
>>REGINA: That's true.
>>DEMEO: So yeah,
he tried to chase
after these lies with the
truth, but eventually this
triggered an investigation
from the FDA.
They looked for,
but didn't find,
any evidence for the
so-called sex racket.
And so then they went after
the orgone energy accumulator.
And they didn't
really investigate it
in any decent way.
They just assumed the
standard popular press
lies were what it was.
>>REGINA: And we'll get
to what happened to him
after that a little bit
later in our conversation.
I wanted to say there, you have
the box that we've seen here
in the imagery, but there's
also a larger chamber
that a person can
actually sit in.
>>DEMEO: Yes.
Yes.
>>REGINA: Can you
tell us about that?
>>DEMEO: I built
several of these.
In fact, I wrote
a book about it.
I found the doctors
in the United States
had been slammed so hard by the
FDA and the medical societies,
they were immobilized.
They felt if they talked
about this too openly,
they would be
attacked themselves.
So I was a young man.
Reich was dead
for several years.
And I wind up building
these accumulators,
and I could verify
many of the phenomenon
that Reich talked about.
And over the years,
I've dedicated
a lot of time and energy
after I became a-- got my PhD
and became a professor
in the university.
So I began making very good
experimental replications
of Reich's work.
Except I don't treat
people medically,
but I tested the accumulator
out for the effect on plants.
And found I could
boost the seedlings buy
37% with very tightly controlled
experimental protocols.
And I have some pictures
I think I gave you.
>>REGINA: Yes we do.
We're taking a look.
And now this is
across the board?
I mean, a variety of seedlings?
This was an average response?
>>DEMEO: Well, I found a--
I developed a protocol that
used mung bean seeds, because
they were fairly easy to get.
And that way other people
could replicate the protocol.
Other people have done-- There's
an organic gardener in Portugal
who got very exceptionally
good results.
And she was systematically
doing different garden seeds
and found that
she could increase
the yield of her vegetable
garden quite dramatically.
>>REGINA: This is
interesting, because if you
look to the work of Rudolf
Steiner, and some other people,
another man I interviewed
who is no longer with us,
I mean, and indigenous people.
They knew to try to use the most
saturated energies, life force
energies, by planting
by a certain--
>>DEMEO: Lunar cycles.
>>REGINA: Lunar cycle.
Yeah, exactly.
And this, you can totally
manage and control.
It sounds like you don't have
to wait for the lunar cycle.
>>DEMEO: Well, it works
best if you combine them.
You know, charge your
seeds in the accumulator
during the full moon.
Then you get some really,
really interesting results.
What was interesting from this
Portuguese farmer, a woman
named Yuta Espunka, she
found that the effects
were transmittable to
the second generation.
>>REGINA: Oh.
>>DEMEO: Yeah, you get the
seeds from the charged group
of seeds-- from the charged
vegetables or fruits,
and you save them and plant them
again without charging them,
and they show better results
than the seeds from the control
groups.
>>REGINA: So it has to be
changing them genetically.
>>DEMEO: Well, what is genetics?
You know, this is another issue.
>>REGINA: Well,
it's theoretically
a web of intelligence
of some kind.
>>DEMEO: Well, it's
something that's innate.
Let's leave it at that.
>>REGINA: I mean, those
would be genetically altered,
but perhaps in a good way.
And so what is it doing
to human beings that
are spending time in there?
Is it also affecting our DNA?
>>DEMEO: Well I would think that
it reshapes you to-- you know,
it isn't like just
sitting in the accumulator
is going to change
your life necessarily.
But it's the whole business of
getting your breathing deeper,
of changing your diet.
And use the accumulator.
I think what's needed is one
of these blinded experiments
where-- a protocol where
you have 100 families, all
of which who are given
an orgone accumulator
and asked to use
it as they want.
And then you have
another 100 families
that are of the same
socioeconomic background, age
group, and so on.
A control group that aren't.
And then you look at
their health down the road
and see what it is.
>>REGINA: That would
be really fascinating.
>>DEMEO: We have a
good double-- two
good double blind
controlled experiments
on the orgone accumulator on
basic physiological measures.
One from the University
of Marburg in Germany,
and another from the University
of Vienna in Austria.
And they both
corroborated Reich on this
in a statistically
significant manner.
And they've been published.
But it's one of these
kinds of research
that nobody knows,
because it's not
promoted in the popular media.
>>REGINA: Right, I understand.
Popular media has
been very mean to him
the last couple of years.
>>DEMEO: Yes.
>>REGINA: We talked
off camera a little bit
and I think you said there's
been-- a book came out
and there's been a resurgence
of attack, new rounds of attack
on Reich the last couple of
years, which is why there's
a plethora of articles
out there right now.
>>DEMEO: Yeah.
And it is really incredible.
The top newspapers
and magazines--
>>REGINA: Such as?
>>DEMEO: Have no interest
in the authentic facts
of Reich's work.
But the New York Times, the
London Observer, The Telegraph,
The Independent, The
Los Angeles Times.
You know, it just
boggles the mind.
They publish slander, sexual
slander, against Reich.
Making jokes about the orgone
accumulator as a sex box.
And all of this
research that's done by
credentialed scientists
working in universities
or in private clinics,
documenting their work
with exceptional care, and they
don't want to hear about it.
They don't want to
know anything about it.
>>REGINA: Well then you almost
have to get into what would be,
I think, probably
accurately termed,
a very much larger
conspiracy theory.
Keeping that man's work
away, keeping that technology
out of the hands
of the individual.
And it is interesting
technology,
just to do a quick switch
away from that subject.
We were at your place
a few years ago taping.
I did two interviews with you.
The second tape
was going out-- we
went out to your accumulators.
You had the large box
and the small one,
and everything disappeared
from that digital tape.
We got home, we were so excited
about all the cover video
and the interview.
There was nothing there.
>>DEMEO: Well we went into the
large orgone energy dark room--
>>REGINA: With the camera.
>>DEMEO: And what we find
is that the electronics
of circuits often are strangely
affected by concentrated orgone
energy.
>>REGINA: We'll vouch for that.
>>DEMEO: You know, what we find
is, for example, Reich talked
about if you charged up Geiger
tubes, that vacuum was--
the properties of
the vacuum, which
is a partial vacuum in
the Geiger-Muller tube,
is affected.
And Reich was saying you could
get very high counts per minute
from a standard Geiger tube from
ordinary background radiation.
Now, I've been able
to verify that.
We get up to 4,000 counts per
minute from the orgone charged
Geiger tube, while the control
one is just chirping away
at 5 or 10 counts per minute.
>>REGINA: Really?
>>DEMEO: Oh, yeah.
So Reich was
actually-- he developed
from this principle a motor.
He said this is a motor force.
You're getting all these intense
pulses out of these vacuums.
He made special vacuum tubes
of a much deeper vacuum
and he hooked it through
circuitry to a motor
and was able to get a
motor to turn from this.
Now the details on this
were never fully published.
And nobody has really
corroborated that.
>>REGINA: So it's another
type of free energy.
>>DEMEO: So it's a
You hear about people talking
about zero point vacuum
fluctuation and so on.
Reich was one of the first to
do this with these high vacuum
tubes.
And it's a bit of research
just begging to be replicated,
but the problem is, nobody
funds this research.
All my work is done
with great difficulty
out of my own pocket, with
some private donor money,
but nothing to speak of in terms
of modern scientific research.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
Well, OK.
So now let's take
it out to the cosmos
a little bit, as we talked
about a little bit earlier.
He said that there is a
solar terrestrial component
to this energy.
And as above, so below.
And then we're going to get into
cloud busting and all of it.
>>DEMEO: Yes.
Well you think of the high
vacuum being permeated
with an energy that gives high
pulses with a Geiger counter,
or that can turn a motor.
You're talking about something
that's in the atmosphere,
but after you exclude
all of the atmosphere,
exclude all the
molecules of air.
Something is in there.
Now Reich was one
of the first people
to point out that the
Earth has an energy field.
What he called the orgone
energy envelope of the Earth.
And he pointed to this long
before the astronauts came back
with pictures of
the Earth showing
that it has this blue-- the blue
aura of the Earth, if you will.
And today, of course--
well, let me back up.
During Reich's time, the theory
was that space was empty.
Totally empty space.
And--
>>REGINA: It was a vacuum.
Truly a vacuum.
>>DEMEO: It was a total
vacuum of emptiness.
Now, if you go back
100 years earlier,
they talked about
the ether of space.
But that was done away with.
Then in Reich's time,
you had Einstein's theory
and all of the empty space
theory, which was very popular.
Today, they're getting
back to the idea
that there must be
something out there.
And it's given the name dark
matter, or the neutrino sea,
or the interstellar media.
They have all different
kinds of terms for something
is out there, beyond just
merely ions or magnetic fields.
But ions and magnetic
fields and electrical fields
combined, you know, they talk
about the plasma of space.
And that gets closer.
But I don't think--
One of the criticisms of that
from the classical narrow minds
is that there's not enough
ions or magnetic field
or electric field to really
account for a true plasma.
But nevertheless, there's
all kinds of stuff
you can see out in space
that behaves like a plasma.
So what's going on, I think,
is it's orgone energy.
It's the same energy
that Reich discovered.
It has components of a plasma,
but it's not exactly that.
It's something that's
a little bit more.
It's a life energy.
And our instruments are, at the
present time, able to pick up
on only parts of it.
Not the whole thing.
>>REGINA: Now that gets into
the whole subject of interface
with our atmosphere
and moisture.
And I want to get back
to that box for a moment,
because as I was
reading about this,
something was-- and I don't
even know what the question is,
exactly, except that he
found that inside the box--
the accumulator-- evaporation
did not occur at the same rate
as it does on the outside.
Now, is that a matter of
it simply being enclosed?
Or is there something
else at play there?
Because that's very interesting,
as we all dehydrate.
Everything dehydrates.
>>DEMEO: Well, he found
that orgone energy
and water had a strong mutual
affinity for each other.
That if you had-- if you
were making experiments
with the orgone
accumulator, over time,
that the bright, sunny
days gave the best results.
And rainy, overcast days
gave questionable results.
You get up to about
50% relative humidity
and a lot of the
physical effects
of the orgone accumulator, like
certain physics experiments
that you can measure the
orgone energy phenomenon,
they become very difficult to
measure under high humidity.
Under the low
humidity conditions,
they're very-- much
easier to measure,
or they give stronger results.
So this got him
thinking that there
was a relationship
between rainy overcast
days and the orgone energy.
That water was absorbing the
energy out of the atmosphere,
therefore making less of
it available at the Earth's
surface.
>>REGINA: What would it
be doing in our bodies?
>>DEMEO: Well, you know, when
you have rainy, overcast days,
a lot of people will sort
of be more relaxed, low key.
Because some people get
triggering of health symptoms
that they have.
>>REGINA: And you
think about this,
people go to live in the desert.
A lot of times in
the retirement years,
they want to go
to the desert, be
in the sunshine, clear
skies, and so forth.
And a lot of the people end
up looking much more vital
than you would find elsewhere.
>>DEMEO: Sunlight
is very powerful.
And Reich also thought the sun
was radiating, or exciting,
at the very least,
the orgone energy.
>>REGINA: That's what
I was getting to.
>>DEMEO: And getting
people charged up.
In his laboratory
in Oslo, he had
all kinds of energy-radiating
structures there,
and he was getting a
tan through his skin
just from the orgone
radiation, even
though it was in the
middle of winter.
>>REGINA: Interesting.
Well, OK.
Those are just asides I
wanted to sneak in there,
because I wanted to get to
the whole notion of the cloud
buster.
I think we've talked
about the box.
We just touched on it.
I mean, really, you have
to take a look at the book.
And we can build our own boxes.
This is not something
that's exotic.
We can do it
ourselves, and we'll
get to that at the
end of the show.
But let's talk about
the cloud buster.
>>DEMEO: Yes.
Well, Reich stumbled over-- it
was one of these other things
that by some key
perceptive observations,
he observed that a
set of pipes lying
on the ground near
Lake Lookmoosemeguntic.
It's a--
>>REGINA: Easy for you to say.
>>DEMEO: Indian word.
Yeah.
Mooselookmeguntic--
one of the two.
These pipes were
lying on the ground
with one end near
the water's edge
and the other pointing
up in the atmosphere.
And he noticed, my
gosh, there's some kind
of a change in the cloud
forms in that area.
So he did some further
experimentation,
and he developed this
instrument-- eventually
developed this instrument called
the clou-- which the slang
term is cloud busting,
but the technical term
is cosmic orgone engineering.
Because what he
found is that this
could change the
distribution of orgone energy
charge in the atmosphere.
And he used this
not only to show
that you could bust clouds,
as per cloud busting,
that pointing it at a cloud
would cause it to dissipate,
but that the clouds in
the surrounding area
suddenly got bigger.
So there was this what he
called the orgonotic potential
at work that, when one orgone
energy system got stronger,
just as another one
was getting weaker.
OK?
So one is dissipating
while the other
is growing in a
pulsation, so to speak.
Now he did further
experimentation
with this with the
cloud busting device.
And he found that by using
it on certain key points
on the horizon and other places,
that you could bring moisture
into an area that was dry.
So it became a tool,
an experimental tool,
for ending of drought.
And he did this several--
>>REGINA: He did in the eastern
United States, as I recall?
>>DEMEO: That's right.
And particularly,
there was one time
when a group of
blueberry farmers
were having a severe
drought in his area.
And they paid him a
couple of thousand bucks,
and he brought rain for them.
>>REGINA: Wow.
The best rain dance.
Yeah.
>>DEMEO: Yeah, so I--
this was in the mid '50s
when he was doing this work.
He actually went
to Tucson, Arizona
under the very harsh
conditions there.
And he found that he could green
up some of the local desert
landscape and
increase the rains.
And this is written up in
one of his last bits of work.
And by that time, the
FDA clamped down on him
and he was in prison.
>>REGINA: Right.
Right.
>>DEMEO: And all of the
books on this subject
were burned by the
federal government.
>>REGINA: I mean, it's
just so primitive.
It's just amazing
that happens still.
And you continued those
experiments and that work.
And you have been
contracted by certain--
was it by governments?
I know in the case
of Eritrea, Israel.
>>DEMEO: Initially,
my work on this
was at the University of Kansas
when I was a graduate student.
And I said, look, I
said, here we are.
We're studying climate and
drought and the problems
of human society
under severe drought.
And this was when all
those horrible pictures
came from Ethiopia
with starving people.
And I said, I want to
try this thing out.
Let's see if it works.
If it works, it's
a big breakthrough.
So I had professors there and
they said, OK, let's do this.
Let's try it out.
OK?
They were very open
minded, very supportive.
And I had the university
support system to work with.
>>REGINA: That's pretty amazing.
>>DEMEO: Very amazing, in fact.
And so I had one of
these instruments,
I built it, a big device
sitting on a trailer.
>>REGINA: Yeah, you can see.
This is huge.
>>DEMEO: And I parked it out
for the experimental work
on the farm of Professor Robert
Nunley, who was a gem of a guy
and really opened
the doors for me.
And we tested it out
over a two year period
and was able to show that
when this device was worked
for a couple of hours,
that the rainfall patterns
over the whole state of Kansas,
which was the study area,
were affected.
And that the clouds got
bigger, the rains got heavier.
And I was able to
show quantitatively
from the rainfall data that
you had these peaks in rainfall
following fairly quickly
after a couple of hours
of work with this
cloud buster device.
Now, this was a
breakthrough study.
>>REGINA: So is it,
would you say, then,
is it robbing Peter to pay Paul?
>>DEMEO: In this case,
it doesn't seem to be,
because the effects
from cloud busting
are not permanently tied to
the use of the instrument.
Because it's not putting
any chemicals into the sky.
>>REGINA: It's not
using any electricity.
It's a hollow device.
>>DEMEO: It's not
using electricity,
there's no electromagnetic
frequencies that we know of.
It's sitting like
a passive antenna,
much like a lightning rod is.
It's grounded, heavily grounded.
And it's aim-- it's
like an antenna array,
and it can be pointed
to different parts
of the sky for
different purposes.
And when this is done in a
particularly correct way,
then you get these certain
atmospheric responses
that come from it.
And the clouds build, and
then they propagate outwards.
>>REGINA: It sounds like
a very balanced way.
If they're going to be
playing with geoengineering,
which they're
doing very heavily.
>>DEMEO: Yeah, I'm against
this geoengineering stuff.
>>REGINA: Well, and
they're doing it heavily.
And they're looking at
the risks of putting
these chemicals in
the air and so forth.
This sounds to me like
it was a really sane way
to have gone about it, if
it's really only-- if it truly
were only about creating
rain here and there.
>>DEMEO: It has the
potential for destruction.
I have to say that.
>>REGINA: OK, let's
talk about that.
>>DEMEO: And Reich, at one
point, kept it all very secret.
He wanted it-- He wanted the
government to know about it.
He says that this has got to be
developed in a very quiet way,
otherwise there will be chaos.
Unfortunately, the
government was hammering him.
So he decided, OK,
I better publish
this, because otherwise
it will die with me.
>>REGINA: So what were
the dangers of it?
>>DEMEO: Well the dangers is,
is if you keep working day
after day with this
thing, a mild rainstorm
might be turned into a huge
damaging thunderstorm, or maybe
a tornado.
And maybe you could
trigger hurricanes with it,
I don't know.
There's all kinds of--
>>REGINA: So he was able
to play with the weather
and direct weather
even back then,
but with this
essentially benign device
compared to what
they're doing now.
But that wasn't adopted.
>>DEMEO: He was very
careful in his application,
as was I. I mean, 30 seconds.
Sometimes 20, 30 seconds,
1 minute of working this,
and you begin to see the
transformations taking place.
>>REGINA: Now, what do you do?
It just points up?
>>DEMEO: I'll describe
what I experienced once
in an operation in Florida.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>DEMEO: Look at the sky.
It's got this steel gray
haze all over everything.
The clouds are very
weak, but there's
thin lines of clouds that are
stretching in certain areas,
and they're dark,
black looking clouds.
And everything is
immobilized, OK?
So I start to work the
cloud buster aiming
at those lines, which remind
me of like a contraction point.
Like if you had a, ugh--
>>REGINA: Like a
meridian in the body--
>>DEMEO: Like I've got
a strain here, ugh.
OK, so I start working
on those and they
start evaporating within
like 20 or 30 seconds.
And OK, I said, well
that's interesting.
The wind is coming up.
Let me stop.
Let me just see what happens.
I stop, it continues.
The wind is coming up,
these lines disappear,
and then the other little
clouds start growing bigger.
And instead of looking
like shredded cotton,
they begin looking
like cauliflower.
And the sun breaks
out through the haze
and the haze gets diminished.
And within about
six hours, there's
nice, big thunderstorms and a
frontal system moving through
with rain all over the place.
The first rain in about
five or six months.
>>REGINA: It just sounds so
much more sane and healthy.
I mean, geoengineering's
a reality
and it's coming to
a theater near us.
It already is.
It has been.
And the thing is, what's so
galling is that this sounds
like benign, safer
type of instrumentation
could have been used all along,
if it were done responsibly.
>>DEMEO: It depends on who
does it, how skilled they are.
You know, the problem is is
that people are putting plans
for cloud busters
on the internet
and saying everybody
should do it.
And so you're getting
a chaotic situation.
>>REGINA: Yeah, that's
not good, either.
>>DEMEO: It's like
Pandora's box, you know?
Pandora's box has been kicked
wide open, for better or worse.
The only bottom line
I tell people is
don't buy a house down
near a river or a creek.
Because the danger is we
go into a phase of weather
where small creeks could become
big, heavy flooding torrents.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
Very unpredictable.
Can you talk a little bit
about the project in Ethiopia?
Also, the project in
Israel, and what you
were able to achieve there?
>>DEMEO: After I
published my work
in the University
of Kansas, this
became known, although it
created big difficulties for me
thereafter within the
American university system.
I got phone calls,
amazingly, out of the blue--
the blue orgone--
from people who
were concerned about
drought in Israel.
This was in 1991
and there had been
a drought for about four years.
The worst drought in history.
And so they asked me
what could be done.
And I said, well, a lot can
be done if you could fund it.
So we talked and
got some funding
available to bring
me over there.
We built the instrument
in Israel, tried it out,
and after about 10 days of
work going around the country
different places,
here comes a big storm
off the Mediterranean.
And usually, they were
diverted up to the north,
because again, the steel gray
haze, these blackish clouds
are all over, but there's
no rainfall for years now.
And so the reservoirs
are down to near nothing.
But this time, the
storm comes right in.
It comes right in and dumps
a lot of rain, dumps a lot
of snow.
They got snow in Jerusalem.
You might remember-- I
don't know if you know,
but they had a big
rain, snow episode
just recently in Jerusalem.
And they said in
the news reports,
it's the biggest rain
and snow in 20 years.
Well if you go back
20 years, that's
when the other even bigger
rain, snow episode was.
>>REGINA: That's what
they were referring to.
>>DEMEO: They're referring to
when we did our work in 1991.
And so the winter
of '91, '92 broke
all their historical records
going back to the Turks.
And like 100 years of
weather monitoring.
They have snow in
the Negev desert
and up on the mountains near
Eilat, which is unheard of.
>>REGINA: Why didn't
they continue?
>>DEMEO: The
meteorologists objected.
The hydrologists objected.
They had multimillion
dollar contracts
for desalinization plants,
which is what they're doing now.
They're building these
enormously expensive
desalinization plants
that cost tens of millions
of dollars-- hundreds
of millions or billions
when you look at it overall--
with pipelines and so on.
So the irrigaters and
the infrastructure
for cloud seeding.
Israel has one of the--
>>REGINA: I see.
Politically, it was against
what was already on the agenda.
>>DEMEO: The cloud seeders
are against this work.
In California, they
opposed my work.
The California cloud
seeders got me slandered
in the local
California newspapers
when I tried to introduce this
work to the state legislature
there.
>>REGINA: But what's
the agenda there?
>>DEMEO: It costs maybe
tens of thousands of dollars
to do this work, as opposed
to hundreds of thousands
and millions by cloud seeding.
So there's, you know.
You know the math.
You know how the politics works.
But it's funny, they
said, we don't want rain
down here where our crops are.
We want rain up
there in mountain.
Go make it snow in the
mountains, that way it'll
drain into the reservoirs.
And then it'll go
into our pipelines
where we can meter it and go
out into the irrigation system.
>>REGINA: OK.
I see, I see.
I get the agenda.
>>DEMEO: I might've been
able to go with the program,
but it just--
>>REGINA: Well, can you create
a little water for your garden
when you need it?
>>DEMEO: Well, it's
not quite that way.
You know, if you trigger
it, it's like roulette.
Most of the time you put
your money on the table
and it goes into the
pockets of the casino.
But when you do it right
and it comes through,
you win the jackpot.
Everybody benefits.
>>REGINA: OK, well
wonderful works by him,
but in reality, his payment
was very harsh and cruel.
And he did end up in jail.
And that was one of the
most expensive FDA witch
hunts in history from
what I understand.
>>DEMEO: Yes.
Yes.
>>REGINA: I mean, we talked
about this off camera.
$2 million were put into that
investigation in the day.
>>DEMEO: 1950s money.
>>REGINA: So that had to
be more like $20 million,
or maybe even more, today, put
into investigating this man
to shut him up and just
eliminate his work.
To get him.
So what did they
finally get him on?
What happened to him?
>>DEMEO: Well the
actual charge-- the
FDA got an injunction
against him
called "prohibiting the
interstate transportation
of mislabeled merchandise."
So they said the accumulator
is mislabeled merchandise,
because the orgone
energy does not exist.
They got a judge to declare
orgone energy does not exist,
based upon no evidence.
But you know, ignoring all
the evidence that did exist,
but that's what he said.
So the accumulator is banned
and the books that document
the orgone energy were labeled
as advertising literature.
Books were
advertising literature
for the accumulator,
which was mislabeled.
>>REGINA: Because it
was resear-- those
were his research books, right?
>>DEMEO: His research
books and his journals.
There was a-- That was
the court injunction.
Now, one of the
Reich's assistants
moved some books
and accumulators
across state lines.
This was when Reich was
in Tucson, Arizona doing
his cloud busting experiments.
He didn't know about it.
But this assistant moved this
stuff across the state line,
the FDA had their spies,
they learned about it,
and so Reich and
the assistant were
hauled into court
on contempt charges
for violating the
original injunction.
Now, the courts refused to
look at any of the evidence
in favor of orgone
energy, in favor
of Reich's experimental work.
Reich lost the case
by-- on that basis.
They said, we're not interested
in the issue of orgone energy.
We're only interested if you
violated the original court
injunction.
And so he was
convicted and sentenced
to two years in prison.
And it was appealed all the
way up to the Supreme Court.
The Supreme Court, as
well as the appeals court
in Portland, Maine, they
all had the opportunity
to review the case
with open eyes
where books were
identified as being
burned by the
federal government.
They all chose to ignore it.
So in my view, the appeals
court and the US Supreme Court
are culpable for the
burning of books.
>>REGINA: Yes.
So the sad end to that
story is he died in prison.
>>DEMEO: He died in
prison in November 1957.
Yeah, very sad end to
a great man's life.
>>REGINA: And you picked
up this work, when?
In the '70s?
Late '60s or early '70s?
>>DEMEO: Well, late '60s.
I became-- I went through some
of the orgone therapy sessions
that he did.
And I thought, wow, you know?
It energized me just
from that alone.
My breathing got deeper.
And then I began building
orgone accumulators,
and doing experiments.
>>REGINA: Replicating
experiments, yeah.
>>DEMEO: Going into the
university and doing it openly.
I taught for about 10 years
as a professor at university.
Illinois State University,
later the University
of Miami, Southern
Illinois-- excuse
me-- University
of Northern Iowa.
>>REGINA: So you're out there
doing the academic thing.
>>DEMEO: I was doing
it academically,
and the whole time,
the lightning bolts
were hitting me from
the skeptic clubs.
And I had hate mail coming to
the chairman of my departments
from-- sometimes from
anonymous people.
Hate mail to my
relatives, to my wife.
These people were--
>>REGINA: And this was over
the orgone accumulator?
>>DEMEO: This was--
>>REGINA: And cloud buster?
>>DEMEO: Accusing
me of being a quack,
of everything, of mass
murder with the cloud buster.
These were not
from professionals,
but eventually the professionals
got involved with the attacks
as well, but under more
contrived kinds of reasons.
At one point at
Illinois State, I
had five different chairman
of five different departments
writing letters
against me, calling
for my head on a platter.
I had to consult a lawyer
to tell them back off
or I'll sue you.
So I completed my
teaching contract,
but the problem is when
you're a young professor,
you're not-- you
haven't got tenure.
So they put you on a temporary
three or four year contract.
When you complete it, they
say thank you very much,
but you know, your a hot potato.
>>REGINA: You're a hot potato.
Get out of here.
>>DEMEO: Please find some
other place to go to.
And so I kept hopscotching.
And at a certain point, I
said, I can't do this anymore.
So I moved to
California and developed
the opening of my own institute.
And that's worked very well.
I got to do the work in Israel.
I later did work in Namibia
by government invitation,
once again.
And they supported it.
And the biggest project
was a five year project
sponsored by the government
of Eritrea, which
is a small little
country near Ethiopia.
And that was done over
a five year period.
And we literally changed
the equation for them.
They had a 30 year
drought problem,
which was ended the
year we started.
30 years of drought ended
the year we started our work.
And the stats on food
imports are very interesting.
The first year we arrived,
they spent something
like $130 million
to import food.
About the third
year in, they were
spending about $20 million.
>>REGINA: Wow.
That's a success story.
>>DEMEO: We didn't
get the difference.
[LAUGHTER]
>>REGINA: Well, you got to
feel good about your work.
>>DEMEO: We got expense
money and a good feeling,
and that's about it.
>>REGINA: Well, yeah.
And a nice case study
to talk about later
and pass on to
the grandchildren.
>>DEMEO: That's right.
>>REGINA: We only have
about a minute left,
so I have a question for you.
This is really--
this is a simple one.
Is orgone why the
sky is blue, then?
>>DEMEO: Well, that's
an interesting question.
I think that we can make
a good scientific argument
in competition with the
classical theory of Rayleigh's
scattering of light waves.
Let's just leave it at that.
>>REGINA: OK.
Well, it's been wonderful
talking with you again.
I hope we can do
this again soon.
You have another book
coming out very shortly,
which is "In Defense of
Wilhelm Reich," right?
>>DEMEO: That's right.
>>REGINA: OK, well it'll be
out in a couple months' time,
so hopefully you're
going to come back
and we'll get into some more.
We have a lot more
to talk about.
>>DEMEO: Oh, I'd love to.
Thank you very much.
>>REGINA: OK.
Again, if you're interested
in the world of Wilhelm
Reich and James DeMeo, you
can go to orgonelab.org.
The blueprints to build
your own orgone accumulator
are available there, along with
research, books, and much more.
Until next time, thank you for
joining us here on Gaiam TV.